50 riddles that will puzzle you to
pieces so are you up for a marathon
challenge
now put your running shoes away because
I'm talking about a riddle marathon huh
on your mark get set go one a man in a
car can see three doors a bronze door a
silver door and a golden door which door
should he open first
[Music]
[Applause]
answer his car door number two a man is
walking along a railroad track and sees
a train rushing toward him full speed
ahead instead of immediately getting
away from the track the man runs in the
direction of the train for about 15 feet
and only then jumps off the track why
does he do this
[Music]
[Applause]
answer when the man saw the train he was
on a bridge that's why he couldn't leave
the track right away 3 imagine you're in
a sinking boat surrounded by sharks how
can you survive
[Music]
[Applause]
answer stop imagining right now for in
South America you cannot take a picture
of a person with a wooden leg why not
[Music]
[Applause]
answer because it's impossible to take a
picture with a wooden leg it's not a
camera five what's wrong with this
picture
[Music]
[Applause]
answer the key is too small for the lock
sex find a mistake in this picture
[Music]
[Applause]
answer the sink has no pipe seven and
what's weird about this picture
[Music]
[Applause]
answer perhaps the publisher messed up
but the title of that book is printed
the other way around 8 what's the most
popular book among teens and adults
these days
[Music]
[Applause]
answer Facebook 9 why can't a pirate
ever finish the alphabet
[Music]
[Applause]
answer he always gets lost ahead see tan
there are 12 fish in a bowl but half of
them drowned how many are left
[Music]
[Applause]
answer still 12 fish don't drown 11 i
have clawed feet but i'm not a bear
i have wings but i'm not a bird i have
scales but i'm not a reptile Who am I
[Music]
[Applause]
answer a dragonfly 12 what do you call a
snail on a boat
[Music]
[Applause]
answer a snailor 13 check out this
painting was it done by a professional
artist or a child
[Music]
[Applause]
answer this is a painting created by
professional artist Sam Gilliam
14 what about this painting professional
artist or a kid
[Music]
[Applause]
answer this painting was done by a
two-year-old fifteen my mom is a dog my
dad is a banana Who am I
[Music]
[Applause]
answer a chiweenie number 16 where can
you see how popular a spider is
[Music]
[Applause]
answer on a website 17 when you get me
I can either be really painful or a
super delicious drink what am I
[Music]
[Applause]
answer punch 18 can you write eleven
thousand eleven hundred and eleven in
digits
[Music]
[Applause]
answer 12100 11 because 11,000 plus 1100
plus 11 equals twelve thousand 111 19 I
fit in really well with others but I
can't talk I create pictures but I can't
see what am I
[Music]
[Applause]
answer a puzzle piece 20 all five
sisters are busy Rose is drawing and is
cooking Liza is playing chess Mary is
doing a puzzle what Samantha doing
[Music]
[Applause]
answer samantha is playing chess with
Liza 21 I'm easy to lift but hard to
throw what am I
[Music]
[Applause]
answer a feather 22 why did the orange
stop in the middle of the road
[Music]
[Applause]
answer it ran out of juice
[Laughter]
23 what's black and white and red all
over
[Music]
[Applause]
answer a zebra with a sunburn 24 what
kind of silence is bad for your ears
[Music]
[Applause]
answer deafening silence of course ah 25
what did the left hand say to the right
hand after they had written a test
[Music]
[Applause]
answer why do you always have to be
right 26 I'm a five letter word that's
under you but if you remove my first
letter I'll be over you and if you take
away my first and second letter I'll be
around you what am I
[Music]
[Applause]
answer chair 27 what word do all
dictionary spell wrong
[Music]
[Applause]
answer wrong 28 what does a rain cloud
put on under its raincoat
[Music]
[Applause]
answer it
29 why is Europe like a frying pan
[Music]
[Applause]
answer because there's grease at the
bottom 30 what treat is never ever on
time
[Music]
[Applause]
answer Chaco late
why shouldn't you tell a joke on ice
[Music]
[Applause]
answer because it'll crack up 32 I'm
vital for life yet I can take your
breath away I'm both around you and in
you what am I
[Music]
[Applause]
answer water 33 what hard rock group
consists of four guys none of whom play
a single instrument
[Music]
[Applause]
answer Mount Rushmore 34 I can bring a
smile to your face a tear to your eye
and a thought to your mind what am I
[Music]
[Applause]
answer your past 35 I start with a tea
and with a tea and I'm full of tea
what am I
[Music]
[Applause]
answer a teapot 36 my life is measured
in hours I serve by dying when I'm thin
I'm fast when I'm fat I'm slow wind is
my biggest enemy what am I
[Music]
[Applause]
answer a candle 37 what's yours but is
used more often by your friends and
family
[Music]
[Applause]
answer your name 38 I always Drive my
customers away Who am I
[Music]
[Applause]
answer a taxi-driver 39 how did the
sheriff find the missing barber
[Music]
[Applause]
answer 40 the more you take the more is
left behind you
what is it
[Music]
[Applause]
answer footsteps 41 what room do ghosts
avoid
[Music]
[Applause]
answer the living room 42 what's black
when you buy it red when you use it and
gray when you throw it away
[Music]
[Applause]
answer charcoal
43 can you rearrange the letters oh oh
you s WT d and e J are to spell just one
word
[Music]
[Applause]
answer just one word 44
what's more useful when it's broken
[Music]
[Applause]
answer an egg 43 they have no feathers
no scales no flesh and no bone yet they
somehow have fingers and thumbs of their
own what are they
[Music]
[Applause]
answer a pair of gloves 46 poor people
have it rich people need it but if you
eat it you'll die what is it
[Music]
[Applause]
answer nothing
47 what did mrs. Claus say to her
husband when she looked at the sky
[Music]
[Applause]
answer hmm it looks like reindeer 48 I'm
full of holes but I can still hold water
what am I
[Music]
[Applause]
answer a sponge 49 I can be made and I
can be cracked
I can also be told and played what am I
[Music]
[Applause]
answer a joke 50 you're freezing but you
have three stoves a wood stove a coal
stove and a gas stove
what should you light first
[Music]
[Applause]
answer a match hit the like button if
you manage to crack it